welcome to slash forward continuing the
trend in this episode we're going to
attempt to avoid wrapping our brains up
in knots with the 2009 film triangle
this sisyphean loop perfectly represents
2020.
subscribe to discover the best pathway
out let's get to it
[Music]
we open on a sad mommy gaslighting her
special needs son about how everything
is going to be different after her most
recent
emotional outburst now he returned to
scenes of suburban bliss
laundry painting cleaning [ __ ]
pooping just leaves with her son tommy
because she's going on a boating
excursion for the day
at the harbor we meet sally and downey
greg's bougie friends who brought their
pal heather whom they intend to pair
with greg for mating
but he's the one who invited jess and
she arrives shortly with his cabin boy
victor and exhibits dazed and
disoriented behavior and is without
tommy she wakes up after a short nap
feeling somewhat better
victor is a bit weirded out about her
confusion regarding her son
but she and greg talk and he convinces
her she's a great mom and deserves to
have some time for herself
as they're led along by an albatross
sally expresses disapproval of heather's
carnal interest in victor but at this
point he's the only uncoupled male
and he's a hemsworth all chit-chat ends
however when they suddenly lose their
wind
strange considering there's a gale-force
storm bearing down on them they check in
with the coast guard but are interrupted
by an sos call before the radio goes
dead
and pretty soon it's time to bat down
the hatches and whatnot
they seem to know what they're doing but
they do capsize regardless
very soon they find themselves in sunny
skies soaking up the rays
except heather she never came to the
surface and then they're rescued by
a random ghost ship they hop on and
delight in the possibilities of having
an entire cruise liner to themselves so
they head to the bridge while looking
for signs of life
and jess is overcome with deja vu greg
tries to convince her she's crazy but
then a nearby stranger drops their keys
and runs off
and just recognizes them as her own
causing them and us to
pee just a little bit they find the
banquet room set up with a royal spread
but still no people
until jess catches a glimmer in a nearby
mirror sending victor off down the musty
hallways
jess and greg continue on while sally
and downey stay behind but they're
distracted by the sound of running water
and find a room with instructions
greg assumes it to be a prank and
continues on but just feels compelled to
go check on sally and downey when she
returns we find this has turned into a
ponderosa buffet and she's soon joined
by victor who's drenched in blood
so maybe more of a golden corral he
begins to spontaneously choke her and he
would have kept at it if she hadn't
managed to slip a finger into his neck
hole
just then follows the sound of gunfire
arriving at the theater where everyone's
pissed at her for inviting them there
and shooting greg she claims she didn't
do it and then
tries really hard not to gloat when
someone else starts slaughtering them
as you were saying she runs but is
eventually confronted by a bag-headed
gunman
she manages to dodge all the buckshot
but not the gun and then she engages in
a game of axey crowbar
now cornered the assailant says
something about killing them all to get
back home
and then she ends up completely alone
she attempts to regain her composure but
soon hears the cries of her capsized
boat compadres looking for an assist
onto the cruise ship
she then runs around and we see her
acclimating herself to all the events we
previously witnessed but from the other
perspective
back in the water room she finds the
message already on the mirror but when
she peeks in on them they're all where
they should be
so she runs out to meet up with victor
at his expected location
and tries to convince him there are
multiples of her and the rest of them
all died and therefore
need to get off the ship i mean if we're
dead and there's two of you how we all
gonna get off the ship
touche this conversation leads to his
cool new body mod
which is a clear accident so he
shouldn't be trying to choke her later
she wrestles with this in the locker
room where the situation really comes
into focus as she finds ample evidence
of multiple repetitions of the cycle
now the instructions make more sense but
she opts to find a different way out
getting all up in that cycle and feeling
encouraged that it appears she can
change outcomes
she doesn't manage to save greg but she
helps the others and leaves them
momentarily to find victor upon her
return she has to chase them down since
they've left with a baghead jess
in this cycle they get knifed sally
manages to wander off
makes the sos call they heard on the
boat and then ends up at her favorite
spot where she always goes after being
gutted
jess runs up and tries to convince her
that she's not a bad person but
sally's kind of busy dealing with some
stuff from her higher vantage point she
witnesses the final fight which ends in
a different way than before
and when sally expires she recognizes
the boat comes back
only after everyone dies she tries to
use it to escape but she's not fast
enough
she realizes she has to be ready next
time and so she sets to initiating its
return
thinking she's got a grasp on things now
she runs off to go write the theater
message with a
juicy dollop of blood then she invites
sally and downey to a show before
donning full backhead regalia she gets
down to business working hard to make
the boat come back
but in the final stages she fails to
remember how to beat herself and ends up
having to take a side dump into the
water
surprisingly this isn't the end as she
washes up onto a beach and regains
consciousness
seeing her chance at a new start she
rushes home and watches jess act like an
ass to her son and she'll be damned if
she lets that [ __ ] occupy her life so
she runs in through the back with a
hammer to regain control of her family
afterwards she acquires her lost locket
and packs herself up for her trip
now she feels like she's home free and
ready for a fresh start
after taking care of this situation when
she goes to give the albatross a burial
at sea
she sees that this is not the end of her
loop as she's been here before
many times when tommy freaks out about
the blood she gets distracted
crossing the center line and getting
flipped by a truck as she and tommy lay
dying she stands at a distance and is
ushered away by a driver who has arrived
to take her wherever she wants to go
she chooses the harbor forcing her back
into her incessant punishment cycle and
as she meets victor for the first time
the albatross continues its journey
i want to take a moment to mention that
i have a website where you can support
the channel through donations or merch
and also give a huge thanks to my donors
memorialized in the hall of head shots
man i can't believe you've all been
sleeping on this movie for so long this
is probably one of the most
underappreciated films of the last
decade everything about it is top tier
and i'm still picking up new details
after a handful of viewings
honestly there are so many connections
and references in the film it would take
far too long
to discuss it all here all i can do is
give a strong recommendation that you
actively seek the movie out to give it a
watch
and if you enjoyed the video i'd love
for you to become a part of the channel
by subscribing
thanks for watching